
                                                   ABSTRACT 
This paper evaluates the causal impact of the Kanyashree Prakalpa (KP), a conditional cash transfer (CCT) program introduced in West Bengal, India, in 2013. The ongoing program aims to increase school enrollment and delay marriage for adolescent girls from socio-economically disadvantaged backgrounds. The program provides an annual scholarship to 13- to 18-year-old girls, conditional on being enrolled in school and remaining unmarried. Using a difference-in-difference (DD) and difference-in-difference-in-differences (DDD) framework, I analyze the direct effect of KP on eligible girls and the indirect effect on their younger and ineligible siblings. The analysis focuses on school enrollment, learning outcomes, and household educational investments for these two groups. I find a positive, though modest, effect on school enrollment and numeracy skills of eligible girls, especially those with more disadvantaged backgrounds and live closer to formal schools. I also find a positive indirect effect on enrollment of younger and ineligible male siblings. However, I find no significant indirect effects on learning outcomes and household educational investments of
younger ineligible siblings. Overall, I find that KP program plays a limited role in affecting the education of girls and addressing the issue of gender gap in education in West Bengal. This paper contributes to the literature by being the first to explore indirect effects of KP on ineligible siblings and by demonstrating how the program's impact varies based on maternal education and proximity to schools.
